HE HAS TO MAKE A CASE TO THE PARTY ONBEING SOMEBODY WHO WAS
PARTY ONBEING SOMEBODY WHO WAS INSPIRATION TO THEM IN 2018.
INSPIRATION TO THEM IN 2018. >> JOIN US FOR THIS CONVERSATION
>> JOIN US FOR THIS CONVERSATION AND CONTINUE MAYOR OF CHICAGO,
AND CONTINUE MAYOR OF CHICAGO, DEMOCRAT RAHM EMANUEL.
DEMOCRAT RAHM EMANUEL. MAYOR RAHM EMANUEL HAS A NEW
MAYOR RAHM EMANUEL HAS A NEW PIECE IN THE ATLANTIC MAGAZINE
PIECE IN THE ATLANTIC MAGAZINE ENTITLED HOW NOT TO LOSE TO
ENTITLED HOW NOT TO LOSE TO DONALD TRUMP.
DONALD TRUMP. WE NEED THIS ARTICLE IN WHICH HE
WE NEED THIS ARTICLE IN WHICH HE SAYS A WINNING 2020 CANDIDATE
SAYS A WINNING 2020 CANDIDATE NEEDS THREE THINGS.
NEEDS THREE THINGS. AUTHENTICITY.
AUTHENTICITY. CREDIBILITY.
CREDIBILITY. AND VIABILITY.
AND VIABILITY. HE WRITES IN PART EARTH TO
HE WRITES IN PART EARTH TO DEMOCRATS, REPUBLICANS ARE
DEMOCRATS, REPUBLICANS ARE TELLING YOU SOMETHING WHEN THEY
TELLING YOU SOMETHING WHEN THEY GLEEFULLY SCHEDULE VOTES ON
GLEEFULLY SCHEDULE VOTES ON PROPOSALS LIKE THE GREEN NEW
PROPOSALS LIKE THE GREEN NEW DEAL, MEDICARE FOR ALL AND 70%
DEAL, MEDICARE FOR ALL AND 70% MARGINAL TAX RATE WHEN THEY ARE
MARGINAL TAX RATE WHEN THEY ARE MORE EAGER TO VOTE ON THE
MORE EAGER TO VOTE ON THE DEMOCRATIC AGENDA THAN WE ARE.
DEMOCRATIC AGENDA THAN WE ARE. WE SHOULD TAKE A STEP BACK AND
WE SHOULD TAKE A STEP BACK AND ASK OURSELVES WHETHER WE’RE
ASK OURSELVES WHETHER WE’RE INADVERTENTLY LETTING THE
INADVERTENTLY LETTING THE POLITICAL BATTLE PLAY OUT ON
POLITICAL BATTLE PLAY OUT ON THEIR TURF RATHER THAN OUR OWN.
THEIR TURF RATHER THAN OUR OWN. IF TRUMP’S ONLY HOPE FOR WINNING
IF TRUMP’S ONLY HOPE FOR WINNING A SECOND TERM TURNS ON HIS
A SECOND TERM TURNS ON HIS ABILITY TO PAINT US AS
ABILITY TO PAINT US AS SOCIALISTS, WE SHOULDN’T PLAY TO
SOCIALISTS, WE SHOULDN’T PLAY TO TYPE.
TYPE. THIS CAMPAIGN IS GOING TO BE
THIS CAMPAIGN IS GOING TO BE LESS ABOUT IDEOLOGICAL PURITY
LESS ABOUT IDEOLOGICAL PURITY AND LITMUS TESTS AND MORE ABOUT
AND LITMUS TESTS AND MORE ABOUT HOW VOTERS SIZE UP THE
HOW VOTERS SIZE UP THE CANDIDATE.
CANDIDATE. AS DEMOCRATS OUR FIRST, SECOND
AS DEMOCRATS OUR FIRST, SECOND AND THIRD PRIORITIES SHOULD BE
AND THIRD PRIORITIES SHOULD BE TO PRODUCE A CANDIDATE WHO WILL
TO PRODUCE A CANDIDATE WHO WILL APPEAL TO THE WIDEST SWATH OF
APPEAL TO THE WIDEST SWATH OF MODERATE AND PROGRESSIVE VOTERS.
MODERATE AND PROGRESSIVE VOTERS. UNTIL JANUARY 21st, 2021 WE HAVE
UNTIL JANUARY 21st, 2021 WE HAVE TO MAKE SURE EVERYTHING ELSE IS
TO MAKE SURE EVERYTHING ELSE IS SET ASIDE.
SET ASIDE. WHO IS DOING THAT SO FAR?
WHO IS DOING THAT SO FAR? WE HAVE A LOT OF FRESHMEN IN
WE HAVE A LOT OF FRESHMEN IN CONGRESS WHO ARE MAKING A LOT OF
CONGRESS WHO ARE MAKING A LOT OF NOISE AND GETTING A LOT OF
NOISE AND GETTING A LOT OF ATTENTION FEIGN LOOK AT THEIR
ATTENTION FEIGN LOOK AT THEIR STANDING POLITICALLY, THEY
STANDING POLITICALLY, THEY HAVEN’T BEEN AROUND FOR A WHILE.
HAVEN’T BEEN AROUND FOR A WHILE. THEIR DISTRICTS THAT THEY WON
THEIR DISTRICTS THAT THEY WON IN, THEY WON BY A COUPLE OF
IN, THEY WON BY A COUPLE OF THOUSAND VOTES.
THOUSAND VOTES. THEY DON’T NECESSARILY REPRESENT
THEY DON’T NECESSARILY REPRESENT THE MAINSTREAM BUT YET GETTING A
THE MAINSTREAM BUT YET GETTING A LOT OF PLAY.
LOT OF PLAY. >> I THINK YOU BROUGHT UP THEY
>> I THINK YOU BROUGHT UP THEY ARE GETTING A LOT OF PLAY.
ARE GETTING A LOT OF PLAY. THEY WON THEIR DISTRICT.
THEY WON THEIR DISTRICT. THEY REPRESENT THEIR DISTRICT.
THEY REPRESENT THEIR DISTRICT. THEY BRING ENERGY.
THEY BRING ENERGY. THAT’S THE POSITIVE.
THAT’S THE POSITIVE. MY ONE RECOMMENDATION TO
MY ONE RECOMMENDATION TO DEMOCRATS IF YOU LOOK BACK IN
DEMOCRATS IF YOU LOOK BACK IN THE LAST 25 YEARS ONE OF THE
THE LAST 25 YEARS ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT THINGS PRESIDENT
MOST IMPORTANT THINGS PRESIDENT CLINTON DID WAS PASS HIS FIRST
CLINTON DID WAS PASS HIS FIRST BUDGET AND A SENATOR FROM
BUDGET AND A SENATOR FROM NEBRASKA WHO WAS THE KEY VOTE.
NEBRASKA WHO WAS THE KEY VOTE. WHEN PRESIDENT OBAMA PASSED
WHEN PRESIDENT OBAMA PASSED HEALTH CARE THE MOST SIGNIFICANT
HEALTH CARE THE MOST SIGNIFICANT SOCIAL POLICY SINCE MEDICARE AND
SOCIAL POLICY SINCE MEDICARE AND MEDICAID A NEBRASKA SENATOR WAS
MEDICAID A NEBRASKA SENATOR WAS THE KEY VOTE IN THE U.S. SENATE.
THE KEY VOTE IN THE U.S. SENATE. SO IT IS IMPORTANT TO HAVE THE
SO IT IS IMPORTANT TO HAVE THE ENERGY THAT SOME OF THE FRESHMEN
ENERGY THAT SOME OF THE FRESHMEN MEMBERS ARE BRINGING, BUT YOU
MEMBERS ARE BRINGING, BUT YOU SHOULD REMEMBER THIS IS A BIG
SHOULD REMEMBER THIS IS A BIG COUNTRY WITH A LOT OF DIVERSITY
COUNTRY WITH A LOT OF DIVERSITY AND WE WANT DEMOCRATS FROM ALL
AND WE WANT DEMOCRATS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE COUNTRY.
PARTS OF THE COUNTRY. I DON’T THINK YOU SHOULD BE
I DON’T THINK YOU SHOULD BE PUTTING ANY OF YOUR MAJORITY
PUTTING ANY OF YOUR MAJORITY MEMBERS THAT WON IN MARGINAL
MEMBERS THAT WON IN MARGINAL DISTRICTS WHERE THEY HAVE TO BE
DISTRICTS WHERE THEY HAVE TO BE RESPONDING TO WHAT A PERSON OUT
RESPONDING TO WHAT A PERSON OUT OF QUEENS OR OUT OF MINNESOTA,
OF QUEENS OR OUT OF MINNESOTA, SUBURBAN MINNEAPOLIS IS SAYING.
SUBURBAN MINNEAPOLIS IS SAYING. THEY SHOULD BE ABLE TO BE
THEY SHOULD BE ABLE TO BE TALKING ABOUT WHAT THEIR
TALKING ABOUT WHAT THEIR LEGISLATING ON, PRESCRIPTION
LEGISLATING ON, PRESCRIPTION DRUG COST CONTROL,
DRUG COST CONTROL, TRANSPORTATION BILLS, WHAT THEY
TRANSPORTATION BILLS, WHAT THEY ARE DOING FOR VETERANS.
ARE DOING FOR VETERANS. THOSE ARE THE CORE ISSUES WE WON
THOSE ARE THE CORE ISSUES WE WON ON.
ON. THAT’S HOW YOU WILL WIN IN 2020.
THAT’S HOW YOU WILL WIN IN 2020. SHOULD NOT BE ABOUT ISSUES THAT
SHOULD NOT BE ABOUT ISSUES THAT DISTRACT FROM WHAT YOU WON ON
DISTRACT FROM WHAT YOU WON ON AND YOU HAD A PLEDGE TO THE
AND YOU HAD A PLEDGE TO THE VOTERS AND THAT’S WHAT WE HAVE
VOTERS AND THAT’S WHAT WE HAVE TO DO.
TO DO. THAT’S NUMBER ONE.
THAT’S NUMBER ONE. NUMBER TWO A LOT -- DONALD TRUMP
NUMBER TWO A LOT -- DONALD TRUMP TOLD US WHAT HE WAS GOING TO DO.
TOLD US WHAT HE WAS GOING TO DO. CALL US SOCIALIST.
CALL US SOCIALIST. DON’T SERVE SLOW PITCHES OVER
DON’T SERVE SLOW PITCHES OVER THE CENTER OF THE PLAGIARIST
THE CENTER OF THE PLAGIARIST ACTING TO TYPE.
ACTING TO TYPE. I THINK IT’S A REAL MISTAKE.
I THINK IT’S A REAL MISTAKE. AND THEN THE CANDIDATES THROUGH
AND THEN THE CANDIDATES THROUGH THE PROCESS, THE THIRD POINT I
THE PROCESS, THE THIRD POINT I WOULD MAKE THROUGH THE
WOULD MAKE THROUGH THE PRESIDENTIAL PROCESS WILL REVEAL
PRESIDENTIAL PROCESS WILL REVEAL THEMSELVES.
THEMSELVES. IS LESS ABOUT IDEOLOGY, ALTHOUGH
IS LESS ABOUT IDEOLOGY, ALTHOUGH IDEAS MATTER IN POLITICS AND
IDEAS MATTER IN POLITICS AND MORE ABOUT THE CHARACTER OF THE
MORE ABOUT THE CHARACTER OF THE PERSON.
PERSON. THERE ARE SEMINAL MOMENTS THAT
THERE ARE SEMINAL MOMENTS THAT WILL REVEAL THAT CHARACTER.
WILL REVEAL THAT CHARACTER. >> "RAPID FIRE" TEN SECONDS
>> "RAPID FIRE" TEN SECONDS ANSWERS.
ANSWERS. >> THERE’S A LOT OF
>> THERE’S A LOT OF AUTHENTICITY, A LOT OF
AUTHENTICITY, A LOT OF CREDIBILITY IN THE FIELD WE
CREDIBILITY IN THE FIELD WE HAVE.
HAVE. WHO HAS THE VIABILITY TO WIN IN
WHO HAS THE VIABILITY TO WIN IN PENNSYLVANIA, ARIZONA AND OHIO.
PENNSYLVANIA, ARIZONA AND OHIO. >> WHO IS IT?
>> WHO IS IT? >> IT’S A GOOD QUESTION BUT YOU
>> IT’S A GOOD QUESTION BUT YOU WON’T KNOW UNTIL THIS PROCESS
WON’T KNOW UNTIL THIS PROCESS PLAYS ITSELF OUT.
PLAYS ITSELF OUT. YOU COULDN’T TELL RONALD REAGAN
YOU COULDN’T TELL RONALD REAGAN UNTIL HE SAID I PAID FOR THIS
UNTIL HE SAID I PAID FOR THIS MICROPHONE.
MICROPHONE. YOU COULDN’T TELL BILL CLINTON
YOU COULDN’T TELL BILL CLINTON UNTIL HE TOOK THE PUNCHES OF
UNTIL HE TOOK THE PUNCHES OF JENNIFER FLOWERS, THE DRAFT
JENNIFER FLOWERS, THE DRAFT LETTER AND SHOWED HE WAS A COME
LETTER AND SHOWED HE WAS A COME BACK KID.
BACK KID. YOU NEED A MOMENT THAT REVEALS
YOU NEED A MOMENT THAT REVEALS THE STAMINA AND STEEL OF THAT
THE STAMINA AND STEEL OF THAT PERSON.
PERSON. >> ROBERT.
>> ROBERT. >> MAYOR, YOU SERVED IN THE
>> MAYOR, YOU SERVED IN THE WHITE HOUSE WITH VICE PRESIDENT
WHITE HOUSE WITH VICE PRESIDENT BIDEN.
BIDEN. IS HE THE MAN, THE CANDIDATE FOR
IS HE THE MAN, THE CANDIDATE FOR THIS MOMENT?
THIS MOMENT? >> LOOK, JOE HAS A TREMENDOUS TO
>> LOOK, JOE HAS A TREMENDOUS TO OFFER.
OFFER. I WOULD SLIGHTLY ON THE COVERAGE
I WOULD SLIGHTLY ON THE COVERAGE I WOULD SAY HE’S DOING EXACTLY
I WOULD SAY HE’S DOING EXACTLY RIGHT.
RIGHT. HE SHOULDN’T ACTUALLY -- HE
HE SHOULDN’T ACTUALLY -- HE DOESN’T NEED NAME I.D. SHOULDN’T
DOESN’T NEED NAME I.D. SHOULDN’T RUN TOO EARLY.
RUN TOO EARLY. HE SHOULD AS HE DID WHEN HE WENT
HE SHOULD AS HE DID WHEN HE WENT TO NATO SPEAK IN A LARGE WAY TO
TO NATO SPEAK IN A LARGE WAY TO SPEAK ABOUT AMERICA’S ROLE IN
SPEAK ABOUT AMERICA’S ROLE IN THE WORLD.
THE WORLD. I DON’T KNOW WHAT HE’LL SAY
I DON’T KNOW WHAT HE’LL SAY TODAY TO THE FIREFIGHTERS.
TODAY TO THE FIREFIGHTERS. AS SOON AS HE BECOMES A
AS SOON AS HE BECOMES A CANDIDATE IT WILL BE JUDGED THAT
CANDIDATE IT WILL BE JUDGED THAT WAY.
WAY. HE SHOULD TALK IN BROAD TERMS
HE SHOULD TALK IN BROAD TERMS ABOUT THE AMERICA HE WANTS TO
ABOUT THE AMERICA HE WANTS TO SEE BUT NOT IN THE TONE OF
SEE BUT NOT IN THE TONE OF RESTORING BUT IN BUILDING TO THE
RESTORING BUT IN BUILDING TO THE FUTURE.
FUTURE. MY ONLY CONCERN ABOUT JOE, AND I
MY ONLY CONCERN ABOUT JOE, AND I WOULDN’T RUSH TO BE A CANDIDATE,
WOULDN’T RUSH TO BE A CANDIDATE, THE CONCERN I HAVE FOR JOE IS HE
THE CONCERN I HAVE FOR JOE IS HE LOOKS A LITTLE TOO RESTORATION
LOOKS A LITTLE TOO RESTORATION AND NOT ENOUGH CHANGE.
AND NOT ENOUGH CHANGE. >> WE’VE SEEN WITH ELIZABETH
>> WE’VE SEEN WITH ELIZABETH WARREN HOW THE PRESIDENT WILL
WARREN HOW THE PRESIDENT WILL SAVAGE THESE CANDIDATES AS THEY
SAVAGE THESE CANDIDATES AS THEY RISE UP.
RISE UP. HOW DO YOU THINK CANDIDATES
HOW DO YOU THINK CANDIDATES SHOULD RESPOND?
SHOULD RESPOND? SHOULD THEY GET IN THE MUD WITH
SHOULD THEY GET IN THE MUD WITH THE PRESIDENT OR SHOULD THEY TRY
THE PRESIDENT OR SHOULD THEY TRY TO TAKE THE HIGH ROAD?
TO TAKE THE HIGH ROAD? >> FIRST OF ALL YOU’RE LOOKING
>> FIRST OF ALL YOU’RE LOOKING FOR ONE TICKET.
FOR ONE TICKET. ONE TOOL IN THE TOOL BOX.
ONE TOOL IN THE TOOL BOX. THERE WILL BE TIMES WHERE YOU
THERE WILL BE TIMES WHERE YOU TAKE YOUR CHOP RIGHT BACK AT
TAKE YOUR CHOP RIGHT BACK AT HIM.
HIM. OTHER TIMES YOU’LL TAKE A PUNCH
OTHER TIMES YOU’LL TAKE A PUNCH AND GO ABOVE HIM.
AND GO ABOVE HIM. SO I THINK THE IDEA YOU’LL FIND
SO I THINK THE IDEA YOU’LL FIND ONE TOOL THAT’S GOING DEFINE THE
ONE TOOL THAT’S GOING DEFINE THE TOOL BOX IS A MISTAKE.
TOOL BOX IS A MISTAKE. THERE ARE TIMES, IN FACT, YOU
THERE ARE TIMES, IN FACT, YOU WANT TO TAKE IT TO DONALD TRUMP
WANT TO TAKE IT TO DONALD TRUMP AND OTHER TIMES AS NANCY PELOSI
AND OTHER TIMES AS NANCY PELOSI JUST SAID YOU JUST WANT TO FLICK
JUST SAID YOU JUST WANT TO FLICK HIM AWAY.
HIM AWAY. SO I WOULD NOT SAY YOU SHOULD
SO I WOULD NOT SAY YOU SHOULD THINK OH, YOU GOT TO GO DOWN,
THINK OH, YOU GOT TO GO DOWN, YOU GOT TO GO HIGH.
YOU GOT TO GO HIGH. YOU GOT TO DO WHAT YOU GOT TO DO
YOU GOT TO DO WHAT YOU GOT TO DO TO WIN.
TO WIN. >> HOW DO YOU THINK THAT
>> HOW DO YOU THINK THAT IMPEACHMENT ARGUMENT WILL PLAY
IMPEACHMENT ARGUMENT WILL PLAY INTO THIS.
INTO THIS. IS THIS SOMETHING DEMOCRATS
IS THIS SOMETHING DEMOCRATS SHOULD BE TALKING ABOUT?
SHOULD BE TALKING ABOUT? >> NO.
>> NO. IN GENERAL LESS INVESTIGATION
IN GENERAL LESS INVESTIGATION AND MORE LEGISLATING RIGHT NOW.
AND MORE LEGISLATING RIGHT NOW. I WOULD SAY THIS.
I WOULD SAY THIS. IF THERE’S A MOMENT IN TIME THAT
IF THERE’S A MOMENT IN TIME THAT IT WARRANTS ITSELF AND YOU GOT
IT WARRANTS ITSELF AND YOU GOT TO GO BACK TO NIXON.
TO GO BACK TO NIXON. DEMOCRATS SAW IT AS AN
DEMOCRATS SAW IT AS AN OPPORTUNITY AND THE REPUBLICANS
OPPORTUNITY AND THE REPUBLICANS SAW HIM AS A LIABILITY.
SAW HIM AS A LIABILITY. WE’RE NOT THERE YET.
WE’RE NOT THERE YET. SO I WOULD JUST SAY THERE’S A
SO I WOULD JUST SAY THERE’S A LOT TO INVESTIGATE.
LOT TO INVESTIGATE. MUELLER IS THE BEGINNING OF A
MUELLER IS THE BEGINNING OF A PROCESS.
PROCESS. NOT THE END.
NOT THE END. AND THIS IS GOING TO GO --
AND THIS IS GOING TO GO -- ENERGY WILL GO ON WHAT’S GOING
ENERGY WILL GO ON WHAT’S GOING ON IN NEW YORK.
ON IN NEW YORK. CONGRESS WILL TAKE THE DOCUMENT.
CONGRESS WILL TAKE THE DOCUMENT. ALWAYS LOOK, FEEL AND TASTE AS
ALWAYS LOOK, FEEL AND TASTE AS TOTALLY PROFESSIONAL.
TOTALLY PROFESSIONAL. JUST FOLLOW FACTS.
JUST FOLLOW FACTS. >> MR. MAYOR, THE STRIKING THING
>> MR. MAYOR, THE STRIKING THING IN THE POLLS RIGHT NOW IS HOW
IN THE POLLS RIGHT NOW IS HOW STRONG BERNIE SAND SERIOUS.
STRONG BERNIE SAND SERIOUS. IT’S SURPRISING.
IT’S SURPRISING. HE’S GAINING RELATIVELY TO WHERE
HE’S GAINING RELATIVELY TO WHERE HE WAS IN JANUARY.
HE WAS IN JANUARY. WHAT DOE THAT TELL YOU AND IS
WHAT DOE THAT TELL YOU AND IS BERNIE GOING TO RUN OUT OF GAS?
BERNIE GOING TO RUN OUT OF GAS? IS THIS A PHENOMENON THAT’S
IS THIS A PHENOMENON THAT’S GOING TO KEEP GROWING OR IS
GOING TO KEEP GROWING OR IS THERE A NATURAL LIMIT?
THERE A NATURAL LIMIT? >> YOU GUYS WANT TO PREDICT
>> YOU GUYS WANT TO PREDICT WHAT’S GOING TO HAPPEN AND THE
WHAT’S GOING TO HAPPEN AND THE GREAT THING ABOUT POLITICS YOU
GREAT THING ABOUT POLITICS YOU CAN’T DO THAT.
CAN’T DO THAT. OKAY.
OKAY. HE’S GROWING NOW.
HE’S GROWING NOW. WHEN THE FIELD GETS FILLED OUT
WHEN THE FIELD GETS FILLED OUT AND PEOPLE START GOING THROUGH
AND PEOPLE START GOING THROUGH THE PROCESS OF BOTH IDEAS, MEDIA
THE PROCESS OF BOTH IDEAS, MEDIA VOTERS, RETAIL OF POLITICS AND
VOTERS, RETAIL OF POLITICS AND PEOPLE -- ONE OF THE GREAT
PEOPLE -- ONE OF THE GREAT THINGS ABOUT CAMPAIGNS THEY
THINGS ABOUT CAMPAIGNS THEY REVEAL SOMETHING.
REVEAL SOMETHING. VOTERS WILL LIFT THE HOOD, CHECK
VOTERS WILL LIFT THE HOOD, CHECK THE OIL, KICK THE TIRES, MOVE
THE OIL, KICK THE TIRES, MOVE THE MIRRORS AROUND, SEEING WHAT
THE MIRRORS AROUND, SEEING WHAT THE SEATS FEEL LIKE AND THAT’S
THE SEATS FEEL LIKE AND THAT’S WHAT THEY ARE IN THE PROCESS.
WHAT THEY ARE IN THE PROCESS. I WOULD NOT GET TOO HYPER
I WOULD NOT GET TOO HYPER VENTILATING WHERE WE ARE TODAY.
VENTILATING WHERE WE ARE TODAY. >> WE’RE NOT HYPER VENTILATING.
>> WE’RE NOT HYPER VENTILATING. SERIOUSLY.
SERIOUSLY. >> WHEN YOU SAID LIKE BETO
>> WHEN YOU SAID LIKE BETO O’ROURKE DOESN’T NEED TO RUSH.
O’ROURKE DOESN’T NEED TO RUSH. >> OKAY.
>> OKAY. EXACTLY.
EXACTLY. >> THAT’S POSSIBLE BUT WE’RE ALL
>> THAT’S POSSIBLE BUT WE’RE ALL FROM THE SAME MOTHER.
FROM THE SAME MOTHER. >> MAKES SENSE.
>> MAKES SENSE. HERE’S THE THING.
HERE’S THE THING. BERNIE IS WINNING.
BERNIE IS WINNING. EVERYONE UNDER ESTIMATES HIM.
EVERYONE UNDER ESTIMATES HIM. WE CAN LEARN FROM THE PAST.
WE CAN LEARN FROM THE PAST. WE DON’T KNOW WHAT WILL HAPPEN.
WE DON’T KNOW WHAT WILL HAPPEN. WE ALL LEARN THAT.
WE ALL LEARN THAT. BUT IF BIDEN STEPPED OUT IT
BUT IF BIDEN STEPPED OUT IT LOOKS LIKE SUPPORT WOULD GO TO
LOOKS LIKE SUPPORT WOULD GO TO HIM ACCORDING TO POLLS.
HIM ACCORDING TO POLLS. HAS HE BEEN UNDER ESTIMATED?
HAS HE BEEN UNDER ESTIMATED? >> THE REASON I SAY WHAT I SAID.
>> THE REASON I SAY WHAT I SAID. I’VE BEEN IN TWO PRESIDENTIALS.
I’VE BEEN IN TWO PRESIDENTIALS. IF YOU LOOK AT THIS POINT, YOU
IF YOU LOOK AT THIS POINT, YOU GUYS ARE SEEING HILLARY AS
GUYS ARE SEEING HILLARY AS FRONT-RUNNER TO BARACK OBAMA.
FRONT-RUNNER TO BARACK OBAMA. AT THIS POINT YOU’RE WAITING FOR
AT THIS POINT YOU’RE WAITING FOR BILL BRADLEY, MARIO CUOMO OR JAY
BILL BRADLEY, MARIO CUOMO OR JAY ROCKEFELLER TO GET IN AND BILL
ROCKEFELLER TO GET IN AND BILL CLINTON WAS A GOVERNOR FROM
CLINTON WAS A GOVERNOR FROM ARKANSAS RUNNING FOR VICE
ARKANSAS RUNNING FOR VICE PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. THE QUESTION I WOULD SAY IS TAKE
THE QUESTION I WOULD SAY IS TAKE A DEEP BRETT.
A DEEP BRETT. DON’T TELL THE VOTERS WHAT WILL
DON’T TELL THE VOTERS WHAT WILL HAPPEN.
HAPPEN. LET THEM TELL US.
LET THEM TELL US. THAT’S SO OUT OF CHARACTER FOR
THAT’S SO OUT OF CHARACTER FOR ALL OF US.
ALL OF US. >> PRESIDENT TRUMP ACTUALLY JOE
>> PRESIDENT TRUMP ACTUALLY JOE DOES SAY WHAT WOULD HAPPEN AND
DOES SAY WHAT WOULD HAPPEN AND UNFORTUNATELY HE’S BEEN RIGHT.
UNFORTUNATELY HE’S BEEN RIGHT. PRESIDENT TRUMP TWEETED THE
PRESIDENT TRUMP TWEETED THE FOLLOWING MOMENTS AGO WHICH
FOLLOWING MOMENTS AGO WHICH APPEARS TO BE A QUOTE FROM A
APPEARS TO BE A QUOTE FROM A SPOKESWOMAN WHO WAS ON FOX
SPOKESWOMAN WHO WAS ON FOX EARLIER.
EARLIER. HE SAYS JEWISH PEOPLE ARE
HE SAYS JEWISH PEOPLE ARE LEAVING THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
LEAVING THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY. WE SAW A LOT OF AND ISRAEL
WE SAW A LOT OF AND ISRAEL POLICIES START UNDER THE OBAMA
POLICIES START UNDER THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION AND IT GOT WORSTS
ADMINISTRATION AND IT GOT WORSTS AND WORSE.
AND WORSE. THERE SENT A SEMITISM IN THE
THERE SENT A SEMITISM IN THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
DEMOCRATIC PARTY. THEY DON’T CARE ABOUT ISRAEL OR
THEY DON’T CARE ABOUT ISRAEL OR THE JEWISH PEOPLE.
THE JEWISH PEOPLE. >> WELL FIRST OF ALL THERE’S
>> WELL FIRST OF ALL THERE’S MODERATE REPUBLICANS LEAVING THE
MODERATE REPUBLICANS LEAVING THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AS WE JUST SAW
REPUBLICAN PARTY AS WE JUST SAW IN 2018.
IN 2018. HERE’S WHAT I WOULD SAY TO
HERE’S WHAT I WOULD SAY TO DONALD TRUMP.
DONALD TRUMP. YOU’RE THE PERSON THAT RAN THE
YOU’RE THE PERSON THAT RAN THE AD WITH MONEY AND STAR OF DAVID
AD WITH MONEY AND STAR OF DAVID BEHIND HIM.
BEHIND HIM. YOU’RE THE PERSON THAT RAN AN AD
YOU’RE THE PERSON THAT RAN AN AD THAT SAID THE BIG INTERNATIONAL
THAT SAID THE BIG INTERNATIONAL BANKERS AND HAD NOTHING BUT
BANKERS AND HAD NOTHING BUT JEWISH PEOPLE AND IMAGES BEHIND
JEWISH PEOPLE AND IMAGES BEHIND HIM.
HIM. WHEN IT COMES TO USING SYMBOLS
WHEN IT COMES TO USING SYMBOLS AND CHARACTERS OF ANTI-SEMITISM
AND CHARACTERS OF ANTI-SEMITISM I DON’T TAKE ANYTHING FROM
I DON’T TAKE ANYTHING FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP WHO PLAYED IN A
PRESIDENT TRUMP WHO PLAYED IN A BARK PLACE.
BARK PLACE. AND YOU SAID THERE WAS A MORAL
AND YOU SAID THERE WAS A MORAL EQUIVALENCY BETWEEN BIGOTS IN
EQUIVALENCY BETWEEN BIGOTS IN VIRGINIA AND THOSE FIGHTING
VIRGINIA AND THOSE FIGHTING BIGOTRY, YOU HAVE A MORAL
BIGOTRY, YOU HAVE A MORAL CHALLENGE WHEN IT COMES TO
CHALLENGE WHEN IT COMES TO UNDERSTANDING AND THE LEVEL OF
UNDERSTANDING AND THE LEVEL OF HATRED ASSOCIATED WITH
HATRED ASSOCIATED WITH ANTI-SEMITISM BECAUSE YOU PLAYED
ANTI-SEMITISM BECAUSE YOU PLAYED IN A DARK SPACE.
IN A DARK SPACE. >> MAYOR RAHM EMANUEL GREAT TO
>> MAYOR RAHM EMANUEL GREAT TO HAVE YOU ON THE SHOW.
HAVE YOU ON THE SHOW. GREAT TO SEE YOU.
GREAT TO SEE YOU. TAKE CARE.
TAKE CARE. >>> HAAKE, THANK YOU
>>> HAAKE, THANK YOU AS WELL.
AS WELL. UP NEXT, ROBERT MUELLER, HOUSE
UP NEXT, ROBERT MUELLER, HOUSE DEMOCRATS AND THE SOUTHERN
DEMOCRATS AND THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK ALL
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK ALL INVESTIGATING PRESIDENT TRUMP OR
INVESTIGATING PRESIDENT TRUMP OR HIS BUSINESSES.
HIS BUSINESSES. NOW WE CAN ADD NEW YORK’S